Heaven and Earth Xuanzong, everything is unbroken
What are you doing?
Oh no no no no no
Reiki Reiki
Don't wander around, Master Shen
You go first
I blocked
Hey
The speed at which this dog man changes his face
It's a pity not to sing
You will disarm the ancient
Yeah, I already told you that
But you don't believe it
Treat me like a lunatic
Sir, open a step.
I need you now
Just now?
What about the future?
You're dead to this heart
I will not marry you
As long as you live in peace
Mr. Shen
You must remember that I care about you the most in the world
You'd better make it to the end
Otherwise
I peeled your skin and ate it
The driver who attacked you last time has been found
Take me there at once